You also can use this APi, in case that you have existing database and want to display your data via APi endpoinds. This feature can be used for different cases.
Ex: You have a working project, but want to share data between webproject and your application.
Ex: You want to sell data, that you have, providing access to your data via API: Yummly like and others

This can be done with some minor modifications. Maybe we'll make this easier, in future.


http://datingframework.com/producthunt/?ref=producthunt
https://www.producthunt.com/posts/dating-framework

---

<Start your own meal planning business>

<Get recipe related application without starting from scratch>

<Download alpha version>

<Open Source>

<Github Repository>
<Bug's, issues, contribute>

Core features
android or iOS Mobile app

Questions: submit issue on github page

----



Just assume that you want to create your our online business,
based or related to 'recipes topic'
it can be just a simple site, where you're posting recipe that you create and generate revenue from google ads
or you can create a 'fitness plan' for some of your trainees, who want to loss some weight and look better
or you want to create a recipe service, your own startup where you'll post each week recipes bundle and make your users live more easy
or maybe you're just want to store your mommy recipes and later publish a book with her favorite recipes? Who knows?

So we're trying to make you're live easier!
We also can save some part of your money, because we know how it's to build website with recipes!

Most of our products are separate and free.
So if you don't want to spend money, or you want to play first without subscribe to an enterprise plan - you always can grab one of this projects and start to work on your project!

I think it's a good deal, Huh?


----


Recipe API application (not finished)

The project is generated by LoopBack.

Enterprise Edition Setup your project on your hosting environment Mongo Database Scheduled backups Recipe database scheme Support and proprietary updates Staging server support Git repository Admin dashboard(simple on first phase) Advanced settings and tune up website templates/pages

API extension domain names (SSl not supported) List of extensions(dependencies)Store your recipes on our database for free but they're public to our search engine or private(up to 100 recipes for)

manage your food log Emails & notifications by schedule only passed test builds Contact Owners/sales representative - button

Update your plan due to big amount of registrations

Add link - star this project on Github

https://github.com/ChickenKyiv/static-react/issues/1
